[[1. Den - Kryn]]
At some point after 836 PD, Leylas Kryn had a dream from the Luxon heralding a child born conceived through the Luxon, whom she believed to be "the Light incarnate" dependent on her and Quana Kryn's love. Leylas foresaw multiple things in her dream: "the first new soul born of the Light", a surge in dunamis, a new age for the Kryn Dynasty, and a presence she could not yet explain Shortly after Leylas and Quana returned from the Abyss with a sixth beacon, the events of Leylas' dream began to unfold, and Quana became pregnant. Her pregnancy was heralded by signs in the stars and in dreams by many across Xhorhas, silencing long-time critics of the Luxon.

The child, named Caelestis and titled the Bright Child, was born in Rosohna while Leylas was away to consecution thousands of people throughout Xhorhas. Hearing news of the birth, Leylas sent back word that she honors the event by continuing onward with her campaign. By the time Leylas returned, Caelestis had aged into a toddler. Leylas grew withdrawn from others and refused to see Caelestis.[

One day, while Caelestis was playing in the courtyard under the watch of a caretaker, a black portal opened. She was drawn into walking through it and appeared in the room where the beacons were kept. She approached a glowing beacon, speaking for it to come to them. Two Aurora Watch soldiers discovered her and ordered her not to touch the beacon. Caelestis shifted into a monstrous spider-like form and killed the two soldiers. Leylas arrived shortly after to witness Caelestis, who appeared unaware of what transpired, shifting back into a drow child.

Realizing that Caelestis was corrupted by Lolth, Leylas immediately imprisoned her, then decided the next day that she was to be executed in the Vermaloc Wildwood beyond the range of the Luxon beacons. Quana, who convinced Leylas that she would kill Caelestis herself, and the Aurora Watch brought Caelestis to a waterfall in the woods. Quana sent the soldiers away and brought Caelestis to Dryca, whom she secretly imprisoned behind the waterfall. She urged Dryca to take Caelestis into hiding until she could free Caelestis of the corruption and convince Leylas to see the child within her. Distraught, Caelestis transformed into her monstrous form. She killed Dryca and the returning soldiers, and she and Quana mortally wounded one another. Caelestis was carried back toward Rosohna by the river and died within range of the beacons.

Around 855 PD, she had been reborn. She was reported as having killed two ettins by the outer peaks of the Wuyun Gorge, apparently larger than she was before.

